[THEME MUSIC]
>>JASON SHURKA: So I want to
show you guys a video right now.
And I think we're going to have
to cue the sound in the back.
But I want to show you
guys a video right now,
so you get a taste
of what's going on.
I'm actually going to
show you three videos,
so you understand the different
avenues of what's going on here.
And then we're going to
dive into the importance
of extraterrestrial
life and the connections
of extraterrestrial life
to this organization
because there is a big one.
And here it is.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>SHURKA: Do you know of
any past presidents or vice
presidents were a part of TLS?
>>RAY: TLS has a method.
We use the term transducing.
Let's say you are
the train operator.
I could make you
operate the train
and take me wherever I want to
go without you resisting me.
>>SHURKA: A lot of people
speak about Medveds.
Do they exist?
And if so, how do they work?
>>RAY: They do exist.
I think it's a combination of
EMP and Dr. Rife's technology.
>>SHURKA: Did the US
naval ship Comfort
have anything to do with the
operation you were a part of?
>>RAY: Men in Black
are agents that were
trained to mainly be assassins.
And 20 years ago, the movie
came out and MIB was dissolved.
But it wasn't dissolved.
They just changed the name.
They call it F.A.C.--
fixers, assassins, and cleaners.
Fix, assassinate when necessary,
and you clean your surroundings
when you're done.
>>SHURKA: Wow.
>>RAY: Yeah.
Regarding problem,
reaction, solution,
there's an actual project
within your government.
They call it P.R.S. It's
supposed to be very secretive.
>>SHURKA: How would levitation--
why would levitation ever need
to be used in an operation?
>>RAY: It's faster
than the train.
If it takes 20 minutes
from New York to Portugal,
I can do it in two
minutes or less.
>>SHURKA: Does TLS ever
use doubles for any reason?
And if so how?
>>RAY: All the time.
And they can
provide a double who
speaks like me, who looks
like me, and moves like me.
Does everything like me.
And nobody will
know the difference.
>>SHURKA: Wow.
>>RAY: We're giving you
another story that meteors
can come into the globe
and eventually we're
going to get hit.
It did not happen.
And I'll explain to you
physically why it cannot happen.
[END OF PLAYBACK]
[AUDIO LOGO]
>>SHURKA: Before we
continue on that--
and it's a fascinating series--
I want to explain a few things.
Why does his voice
sound like that?
Why does he have a hood on?
Well, number one,
that's the only way
I can get him to sit
down for an interview.
That's the first thing.
Number two, I want you guys
to ask yourself a question.
What he has to gain from this?
It's one thing if he was
sitting there and saying,
look what I could do.
And this is who I am.
Know me.
That's the ego talking.
But when we follow
the money and when
we follow certain
intentions, I didn't
like that it was going on
like this in the beginning.
It really upset me.
I said, why aren't
you just coming out.
And about six to
eight months later
I understood the
genius of why it
was being done like that
because I didn't agree.
And the genius
behind why it's being
done like that is because think
about it like this, right now,
everybody around the
world, they always
look who can I
outsource my power to?
Where is the next messiah?
Who's going to come and save me?
You can't attach an
identity to that man.
You don't know who he is.
You don't know
where he comes from.
I mean, now, you
know certain things
because I told you certain
things about his background.
But let's say he was Black, and
let's say that a viewer didn't
like a Black person.
There's automatically
a distance.
Let's say he was
Jewish, which he is.
And people don't like somebody
doesn't like a Jewish person.
There's automatically
a distance.
So I think the genius of
what was going on there
and why it was done
like this, which
I didn't agree with
in the beginning,
but I understood later on,
is the inability to attach
an identity to this person.
And not only is it good for him
because it keeps him in line.
There is no ego involved.
There is no interest involved.
It only annoys him
every time I say,
please, free your schedule for
me and come sit in this chair.
But it also helps the viewer
because the viewer cannot attach
an identity, a religion, this
or that, x, y, or z to that,
which makes it as
neutral as possible,
given that the information being
shared through these interviews
are very, very out of this world
literally and figuratively.
The next video I want to show
you in just a few seconds
has to do with
natural disasters.
Natural disasters are not what
they have been a long time ago.
They're not really natural
for the most part anymore.
There are certain
individuals that
have technology around
the world, where they
can induce certain disasters.
So they call them
natural disasters.
But pay attention to what's been
going on over the past couple
of years.
There are fires in ways
that there shouldn't be.
There are natural
disasters in ways
that we've never seen before.
They blame it on
global warming and then
push certain
initiatives there, which
make somebody else a
whole lot of money,
but that's not what's
really going on.
It's problem,
reaction, solution.
And one of the
mediums used in order
to take control over the
world is natural disasters.
You can destroy
economies with them.
cities with them,
which will destroy economies.
You can destabilize
entire regions with them.
TLS will come in certain
cases, and sometimes they fail.
And Hawaii is one of the
situations where they
failed because they were there.
That should not have
happened, but it happened.
So I can sit here and tell
you what didn't happen,
but that's hard right?
Because if I tell you,
well, it didn't happen,
how do you really
know it happened?
So I can't prove something
like that to you.
What I can tell you is that when
it comes to natural disasters
and I can tell you how they
do certain things like that,
we'll do that in
the Q&A portion,
of how do you actually
stop or change
the weather for the better when
somebody is trying to change it
for the worst.
And it's tied back to what
they call the Book of Creation.
It's known to be a book
written by Abraham.
Nobody actually
knows who wrote it.
In Hebrew, because that's
what it was written in,
it's called [SPEAKING HEBREW].
And they use certain the
language and the letters
and the frequency behind that,
it's called the Book of Creation
for a reason because creation is
basically done through speech.
And the medium on each side
of speech of that spectrum
is thought and matter.
So it starts with thought.
Speech is what
creates and brings it
into something physical.
It's basically like water
moving from a gas to a liquid
to a solid.
It's the same thing, only
in a different frequency.
And when you understand how to
manipulate those frequencies,
you can use that power for good.
But secrecy is also
very important in that
because if certain
people gain that power,
they can do a lot of harm.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>RAY: I don't know if you're
paying attention lately.
There's a lot of
natural disasters.
Everything that you see, for
example, the floods in Australia
that happened recently.
Everything you see
there is man-made.
For them to create a
tsunami, it's very simple.
If you remember, we
spoke about EMP, EMLP.
That's the technology
that they have.
You could use nuclear
bombs to create tsunamis.
Look what happened in
Tonga a few months ago.
We were supposed
to get a tsunami
on the east coast of
the United States,
especially New York
Harbor to Boston Harbor.
[AUDIO LOGO]
I'm talking about a tsunami
that the world never
heard or seen before.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It was stopped.
>>SHURKA: How do you stop
an induced natural disaster?
Better yet, how
did you stop what
was supposed to hit
New York and Boston?
What you're seeing
over there is the fact
that natural disasters
are used to create chaos
around the world.
And sometimes TLS is able to
succeed to stop those things.
Again, in many cases,
using the Book of Creation
with the knowledge and the
awareness of the true meaning
of the Book of Creation to
create something or stop
something from happening
in the first place.
Many of you probably know
about HAARP, H-A-A-R-P.
What I'm talking
about is not a theory.
We know that there's
technology out
there that's used,
using the manipulation
of frequencies to shift things
in the stratosphere, to make it
rain, to make it snow, to make
it hail, to create a hurricane.
That's the part of
this conversation
that I want to bring to
ground what I'm saying.
Because if we just say
they're natural disasters that
are being created by
people without giving you
where you can actually
read about that,
it makes it hard to believe.
When you start reading about
something like HAARP, H-A-A-R-P.
Right now, it's
based out of Alaska.
It started in Montauk, New York.
It's been used since the '50s.
It's nothing new.
Weather is being weaponized.
If you look into
something called
Operation Popeye in
the Vietnamese war,
they weaponized weather.
When I say they, I'm talking
about us, the United States.
The United States weaponized
weather in Vietnam
in order to make
it rain, to make
it harder for soldiers
to receive their supplies
and make it harder to walk
and do all those things.
It's on record.
It's something that's
been spoken about.
There have been over 188
patents on weather modification
technology ever since the 1860s.
This is public knowledge.
The Chinese Olympics used
weather modification,
even spoke about it.
They boast about it.
They say we're going
to have perfect weather
for the Olympics.
They spoke about it.
They share it.
It's not a secret.
The CIA, the head of the
CIA, John Brennan, I think
was his name, the former
head, if I'm not mistaken.
He spoke about it.
They call it stratospheric
aerosol injections.
I know I'm dropping
a lot of information.
You guys take what you want.
Leave what you don't.
But all of this is public
knowledge that you can look at.
Stratospheric
aerosol injection is
using aerosol injected into
the stratosphere in order
to create a blanket, a chemical
cloud around the planet.
I know Bill Gates is
speaking about doing publicly
to combat global
warming, only to find out
that it actually increases
overnight high temperatures.
So does it really
combat global warming,
or is there something
else going on here?
The next thing that they've
done and that they've
played a big role
in, and this is
where extraterrestrial
life comes in,
has to do with children.
There has been a lot of
information coming out recently
over the past few years
regarding underground sex
trafficking rings.
And I know it's hard to speak
about and hear about and think
about, but it's real.
And we do have to acknowledge
the things that are going on
in this world if we want
to get to a point of fixing
that problem.
So what I'm sharing today
is not meant to induce fear.
It's meant to raise awareness,
shed light on the darkness,
so we can dissolve that
darkness once and for all.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>RAY: How do you take 20,000
children in the middle of New
York City without
anybody seeing?
You're being put into buses.
They are given certain clothes.
Some of them were
taken out in boxes.
You can call them crates.
You can call them caskets of
dead people, although they
were live children in there.
[AUDIO LOGO]
>>SHURKA: I mean, we could
talk about tunnels all we want.
The non-believers will
say, where's the proof?
[AUDIO LOGO]
>>RAY: When I go into the
tunnels, I can't take my phone.
And if you're going to
do it, the psychopaths
will eliminate you.
So some pictures I
saw that are real.
And I was surprised to see them.
>>SHURKA: But there are
many children down there?
>>RAY: Yes.
[AUDIO LOGO]
But not in the main rooms.
They're in the hidden rooms
within the walls of the tunnels.
>>SHURKA: Do you have an idea
of the number of children
that we're talking about.
>>RAY: It's huge.
It's numbers you
cannot comprehend.
[AUDIO LOGO]
>>SHURKA: So I think we know.
I don't know who's seen the
movie "Sound of Freedom?"
"Sound of Freedom," I happen to
be an executive producer on that
movie.
And I decided to do that
because of this information,
because of what you just saw.
Because it's public knowledge
that 2 million children
around the world are trafficked,
and that's just what's reported.
So if that's just
what's reported,
you can double or
triple that number.
That should not be happening
in the world that we're in,
but it does.
And if we want to
overcome that, we're
going to have to look at
that straight in the face
and understand
this is happening.
This is dark.
This is evil, and
we have the power
to overcome that, number 1,
by being aware, and number 2,
by taking action.
So "Sound of Freedom,"
just to be very clear,
touched the tip of the tip
of the tip of the iceberg
of what's actually going on.
That was the littlest
drop of what's actually
going on around the world.
But it did create a
big wave of awareness
for people to start saying,
what's really going on here.
Imagine, they released a movie
about underground tunnels
exposing certain ex-presidents
and vice presidents
that are a part of it.
Kathy O'Brien does that.
Kathy O'Brien has a movie on
Unified TV called "Trance."
And I'm not going
to name names here
because I don't want to do that.
But she'll tell you stories
of ex-presidents and ex-vice
presidents who she was hunted
with as a kid because they do
that and who she was raped by.
That's crazy.
And she's still alive somehow I
think because if she wasn't, it
would be obvious.
But pay attention, they never
brought a defamation suit
against her because
if they did, there
would be information
that came out in court.
There's proof.
This is coming out.
She's a very big
proponent of all of this.
TLS actually had a meeting
with her a few times.
TLS loves the work
that she does.
So what is the connection
to extraterrestrial life
when it comes to children,
underground sex trafficking
rings.
Because there are large ones
that connect the entire planet.
Big hub of that, by the way,
is under the airport in Denver.
A lot of people know about that.
There's a lot of weird
things going on there.
Denver is a very big place
where they'll take them in from.
Disneyland is a very big place
where they take them in from.
Portugal is a very big hub for
what you call adrenochrome,
so is South Africa.
I forgot the third one
off the top of my head.
But there are three main
hubs around the world,
underground where
they do these things.
Now, let me ground it for you,
so it doesn't sound crazy.
Have you guys ever heard
of Dr. Josef Mengele?
For anybody who hasn't, Dr.
Josef Mengele publicly during
the Holocaust did everything
that I'm saying that they do
to children now
to, in that case,
Jewish kids and other children
as well throughout the Holocaust
in the 1940s.
It's public knowledge.
So if they did it
back then, is it
hard to understand that
they're still doing it today?
If Julius Caesar was
a pedophile, which
he was publicly, it was an
honor to give your child
to Julius Caesar.
That's how they
thought back then.
So if that was open knowledge
in a public thing back then,
do you really think it
doesn't happen today?
It's just not accepted today,
so they do it underground.
They do it in different ways.
TLS Interferes with those
things and stops those things
to the best of their ability.
But they removed hundreds
of thousands of children
from those-- children
from those tunnels.
Now, the next valid
question is, where are they?
Where are they?
Number one, where
are their parents?
So let's talk about
where their parents
are before I answer the
question of where are they
because the question
of where are they
connects to what's on
the screen right now.
Where are their parents doesn't
apply when you clone somebody?
Cloning started in
the '80s and '90s.
The Denver Airport under there
was a very big hub of that.
Now, it extends all
around the world.
We know that they cloned sheep
means they can clone humans.
They just don't do it publicly
because it's not moral.
It's not humane.
They do it they just
do it somewhere else.
They do a lot of
things somewhere else
that they don't want to tell us.
So extraterrestrial life
is connected to the answer
of where are they?
And this is where it's
going to sound crazy.
And I don't have proof
for what I'm going to say.
So if you happen to
speak to somebody
that doesn't agree
with you, this probably
won't be the best
thing to bring up.
I'm just going to
share it because I
know a lot of us over
here are like-minded.
There are certain races that
work with the organization.
The organization is not just
made up of human beings.
The organization is made
up of other races as well
and yes, there are other
extraterrestrial races
in this universe.
We know it.
We've seen it.
It's been acknowledged.
The only question
at this point is
what are their
intentions, which we'll
speak about in just a second.
How does their technology work?
Why are they here?
TLS works with three
races, specifically
that I know of: Tzia,
Nashia, and Konom.
Let's talk about Tzia
and Nashia for a second.
A lot of people said, Jason,
you're coming up with names
we never heard of before.
How do we know it's real?
Well, go read the Zohar, it was
written thousands of years ago.
It speaks about Tzia and
Nashia before you ever heard
the word reptilian or Grey.
There's more credibility
to Tzia and Nashia
in terms of our scriptures
and what's actually
been written and
documented in history
than there is to
what's been coming out
over the past few decades with
Greys and reptilians and all
that because those
names came first.
Those descriptions came first.
The awareness of those
planets came first.
So I don't have that over
here to show you guys,
but you guys can look that up.
If I did, it would be in
Hebrew or even Aramaic,
which I don't know how to read.
But all of that is talking about
Tzia and Nashia, specifically.
Those three races
among others I'm sure.
But I know about those three
races work with the organization
just like-- and this goes
into intergalactic unity.
Just like there are
allies between countries.
And I think that that's a
bunch of BS, by the way,
but we're not going to go there.
Just like there are allies
between countries that are here
to help each other and support
each other in times of wars,
it's really a whole political
game to take over the world.
But again, not the point
of this conversation.
There are also allies
between planets.
They have been here
for a very long time.
How many of you can
agree with the fact
that there was probably an
extraterrestrial presence
during the time of ancient Egypt
and all the other times where
all these crazy
structures were built?
Raise your hand if you agree
with something like that.
I think most of us do in this
room because it's obvious.
We see it.
It's written.
It's drawn.
It's the hieroglyphics
on the wall.
They're showing us the story.
So if they've been
here 3,000 years ago,
this isn't a game of disclosure
of the past 70 years.
They've been here
for a very long time.
And I'll ask you
guys to think about
how do we define alien
or extraterrestrial?
What makes you
different from them?
What makes me
The fact that we don't know that
they exist because if you've
never seen a Brown
person before,
and they were only white
people in the place
that you were in, then imagine
suddenly you saw a Brown person.
Imagine you've never
heard of an Asian before.
And I told you there
is this nation.
Let's go to the Africans.
There is this nation of--
they're generally much taller.
And they have these
features that are
different than Asian people.
They have bigger lips.
They look different.
They operate different.
They have different hair
than people in Europe.
If you've never been to
Africa, that's an alien to you.
So I want you guys
to understand,
we are all living amongst
each other already.
If you think diversity came
over here out of an amoeba that
split and then turned into a
fish, that became a lizard, that
turned to a monkey,
that became a human,
there's a much more
plausible story,
and it's that there is
interbreeding between races.
And the interbreeding
between races
created the diversity
around the world
because there really is
no way for a Black person
to evolve into an Asian.
And there was no way for an
Asian to evolve into a Black
person.
It just doesn't
happen like that.
And by the way, according to
evolution, how we know it,
the former should
have been extinct
because it's survival
of the fittest.
So I'm making a generalization
over here right now.
But there's a lot of
different narratives
that are more
plausible to what's
going on than the general
narrative, that's brought up
in our schools, that was taught
to me 10 years ago in my biology
class.
Because it never made sense.
That's why I always
looked into ancient aliens
and watched those shows because
it made more sense of what
was really going on here.
So there is extraterrestrial
life among us,
and their intentions
are not to harm you.
Now, I know that
there are some people
in the room that are
going to say, well,
there must be good and bad.
There is good and bad.
We here on planet
Earth are the bad.
We're the ones experiencing the
negatively polarized reality
of this planet.
The problem is because
we call them them,
and we call them
extraterrestrials,
we separate it into another
group other than human beings.
And we say there must be
negative and positive.
And we forget that it's
It's not us and them.
Now, we're going to run through
the logic of how we can actually
make sense of
something like that.
Before I do, I want to show
you guys one more video.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
We've spoken about physical
crafts that you've been on.
>>RAY: The colors
are basically black,
silver, and white,
mostly silver.
>>SHURKA: What is the inside of
the craft generally look like?
>>RAY: The captain might
hold magnets in his hands
and start moving
stuff with his hands.
I know you can
move it physically
with the natural
energy that it has.
Or you could use
your own body energy.
>>SHURKA: How many
extraterrestrial races,
physically speaking,
have you been in contact
with through TLS?
I would say about five, six.
>>SHURKA: Can you explain
their physical characteristics
for Tzia for the moment?
>>RAY: They look very
tall, Europeans, big bones.
They can also communicate
by telepathy, very
advanced technologically,
but very simple life.
It's not something
you see on Earth.
>>SHURKA: When do you feel that
full disclosure will occur?
>>RAY: In my lifetime.
No.
In your lifetime, yes.
[END OF PLAYBACK]
[AUDIO LOGO]